machine\software\microsoft\Windows\Windows Error Reporting\DontShowUI = 00000001
machine\software\microsoft\Windows\Windows Error Reporting\LocalDumps = created registry key
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Ahcache.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\AppInfo  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\AppMgmt  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\AudioEndpointBuilder  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\AudioSrv  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Base  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\BasicDisplay.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\BasicRender.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Boot Bus Extender  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Boot file system  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\BrokerInfrastructure  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\CBDHSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\CoreMessagingRegistrar  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\CryptSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\DcomLaunch  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\DeviceInstall  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\dxgkrnl.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\EFS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\EventLog  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\File system  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Filter  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\FsDepends.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\HdAudAddService.Sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\HdAudBus.Sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\HelpSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\iai2c.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\KeyIso  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\LSM  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Netlogon  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\NgcCtnrSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\NgcSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\NTDS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\PCI Configuration  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\PlugPlay  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\PNP Filter  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Power  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\Primary disk  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\ProfSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\RpcEptMapper  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\RpcSs  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\sacsvr  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\SCSI Class  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\SerCx2.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\sermouse.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\SpbCx.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\StateRepository  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\SWPRV  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\System Bus Extender  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\SystemEventsBroker  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\TabletInputService  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\TBS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\TrustedInstaller  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\uefi.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\usbaudio.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\UserManager  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\VDS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\vmms  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\volmgr.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\volmgrx.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\WinDefend  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\WinMgmt  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\WudfPf  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\WudfRd  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{36FC9E60-C465-11CF-8056-444553540000}  = Universal Serial Bus controllers
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E965-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = CD-ROM Drive
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E967-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = DiskDrive
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E969-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Standard floppy disk controller
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E96A-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Hdc
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E96B-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Keyboard
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E96C-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Media
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E96C-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}\SafeBootDrivers = 00000001
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E96F-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Mouse
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E977-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = PCMCIA Adapters
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E97B-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = SCSIAdapter
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E97D-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = System
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{4D36E980-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Floppy disk drive
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{533C5B84-EC70-11D2-9505-00C04F79DEAF}  = Volume shadow copy
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{6BDD1FC1-810F-11D0-BEC7-08002BE2092F}  = IEEE 1394 Bus host controllers
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{71A27CDD-812A-11D0-BEC7-08002BE2092F}  = Volume
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{745A17A0-74D3-11D0-B6FE-00A0C90F57DA}  = Human Interface Devices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{9DA2B80F-F89F-4A49-A5C2-511B085B9E8A}  = Enhanced Storage Devices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{A0A588A4-C46F-4B37-B7EA-C82FE89870C6}  = SDA Standard Compliant SD Host Controller
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{D48179BE-EC20-11D1-B6B8-00C04FA372A7}  = SBP2 IEEE 1394 Devices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{D94EE5D8-D189-4994-83D2-F68D7D41B0E6}  = SecurityDevices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\M\{F2E7DD72-6468-4E36-B6F1-6488F42C1B52}  = Firmware
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\Minimal = deleted registry key
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\AFD  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Ahcache.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\AppInfo  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\AppMgmt  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\AudioEndpointBuilder  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\AudioSrv  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Base  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\BasicDisplay.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\BasicRender.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\BFE  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Boot Bus Extender  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Boot file system  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\bowser  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\BrokerInfrastructure  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Browser  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\CBDHSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\CoreMessagingRegistrar  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\CryptSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\DcomLaunch  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\DeviceInstall  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\dfsc  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Dhcp  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\DnsCache  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Dot3Svc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\dxgkrnl.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Eaphost  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\EFS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\EventLog  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\File system  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Filter  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\FsDepends.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\HdAudAddService.Sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\HdAudBus.Sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\HelpSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\IKEEXT  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\ipnat.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\KeyIso  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\LanmanServer  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\LanmanWorkstation  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\LmHosts  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\LSM  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Messenger  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\MPSDrv  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\MPSSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\mrxsmb  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\mrxsmb10  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\mrxsmb20  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\MsQuic  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NativeWifiP  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NDIS  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NDIS Wrapper  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\ndiscap  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Ndisuio  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetBIOS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetBIOSGroup  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetBT  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetDDEGroup  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Netlogon  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetMan  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\netprofm  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetSetupSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Network  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NetworkProvider  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NgcCtnrSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NgcSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NlaSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Nsi  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\nsiproxy.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\NTDS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\PCI Configuration  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\PlugPlay  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\PNP Filter  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\PNP_TDI  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\PolicyAgent  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Power  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Primary disk  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\ProfSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\rdbss  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\rdpencdd.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\rdsessmgr  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\RpcEptMapper  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\RpcSs  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\sacsvr  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SCardSvr  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SCSI Class  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SerCx2.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\sermouse.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SharedAccess  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SmartcardSimulator  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SpbCx.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\StateRepository  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Streams Drivers  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SWPRV  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\System Bus Extender  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\SystemEventsBroker  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\TabletInputService  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\TBS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Tcpip  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\TDI  = Driver Group
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\TrustedInstaller  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\uefi.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\usbaudio.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\UserManager  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\VaultSvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\VDS  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\VirtualSmartcardReader  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\vmms  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\volmgr.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\volmgrx.sys  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Wcmsvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\WinDefend  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\WinMgmt  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\Wlansvc  = Service
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\WudfPf  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\WudfRd  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\WudfUsbccidDriver  = Driver
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{36FC9E60-C465-11CF-8056-444553540000}  = Universal Serial Bus controllers
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E965-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = CD-ROM Drive
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E967-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = DiskDrive
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E969-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Standard floppy disk controller
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E96A-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Hdc
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E96B-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Keyboard
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E96C-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Media
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E96C-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}\SafeBootDrivers = 00000001
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E96F-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Mouse
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E972-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Net
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E973-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = NetClient
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E974-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = NetService
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E975-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = NetTrans
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E977-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = PCMCIA Adapters
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E97B-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = SCSIAdapter
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E97D-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = System
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{4D36E980-E325-11CE-BFC1-08002BE10318}  = Floppy disk drive
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{50DD5230-BA8A-11D1-BF5D-0000F805F530}  = Smart card readers
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{533C5B84-EC70-11D2-9505-00C04F79DEAF}  = Volume shadow copy
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{6BDD1FC1-810F-11D0-BEC7-08002BE2092F}  = IEEE 1394 Bus host controllers
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{71A27CDD-812A-11D0-BEC7-08002BE2092F}  = Volume
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{745A17A0-74D3-11D0-B6FE-00A0C90F57DA}  = Human Interface Devices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{9DA2B80F-F89F-4A49-A5C2-511B085B9E8A}  = Enhanced Storage Devices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{A0A588A4-C46F-4B37-B7EA-C82FE89870C6}  = SDA Standard Compliant SD Host Controller
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{D48179BE-EC20-11D1-B6B8-00C04FA372A7}  = SBP2 IEEE 1394 Devices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{D94EE5D8-D189-4994-83D2-F68D7D41B0E6}  = SecurityDevices
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\N\{F2E7DD72-6468-4E36-B6F1-6488F42C1B52}  = Firmware
machine\System\CurrentControlSet\Control\SafeBoot\Network = deleted registry key
user\current\software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Explorer\BitBucket\Volume\{0c5d2a95-0000-0000-0080-000000000000}\NukeOnDelete = 00000001
user\current\software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Explorer\BitBucket\Volume\{6da28fdf-b9f2-4900-8b93-8571e38a4334}\NukeOnDelete = 00000001
user\current\software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run\Sound = C:\WINDOWS\Sound.bat
user\current\software\SandboxAutoExec  = 31
